                    **********************************
                    * The 2020 Console Video Project *
                    *            COVID-20            *
                    **********************************

   Like many other people around the world, during 2020 I found myself spending a lot of time at home because of the COVID-19 pandemic.  This led to me spending time in front of my computer writing an application that I had been thinking about for several years but had not gotten around to. 
   Because it is easier to create console applications then GUI apps I decided my app would use the console Terminal.  I also needed to display not only the keyboard characters but also Greek letters, subscript numbers and some mathematical symbols.  To do this I needed to use Unicode which can be stored in C and C++ as wide-characters.  So I wrote my app using C.  But as I soon discovered, while C and C++ have the built-in ability to handle wide-characters, getting Unicode to display properly was not simply a matter of printing to stdout.  I found that getting an app to display Unicode properly was often compiler and platform specific.  And I was surprised to find there is very little information on the web about doing this. Some forums I visited didn't seem to want to talk about using Unicode. Others posted answers that were non-answers, obviously from people who didn't have a clue  and a few actually discouraged trying to use Unicode.
   And so this led to the creation of the 2020 COnsole VIDeo project (COVID-20), a software package that allows your console app to easily turn on and display Unicode on your Terminal.  Fearing that everyone would assume that a package with the name COVID-20 was some sort of computer virus, I have given this package the name 'Unicoder'.
   Unicoder is a single header file that you add to your C or C++ projects which allows you to easily display unicode characters in the Terminal display irregardless of what compiler you are using.  That is, it was written so that it would be portable so you can change platforms or compilers with ease. Currently it can be used on either the Windows or Linux platforms. 
   Also, Unicoder can insert compiler sprcific commands that perform useful task such as clearing the console display or turn on bold and underline or change text font and background colors.  And it provides a rudimentary way to draw on the display.
   Currently, Unicoder supports Ubuntu-Linux GCC and on Windows it can be used with these IDEs and compilers: MS Visual Studio 2017&2019, Code::Blocks, Pelles C, Embarcadero Dev-C++, Open Watcom, MSYS, MSYS2, Cygwin and with MinGW, Clang, LCC and Digital Mars C (but Digital Mars does not support Unicode!) 